_pages/projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
---

#### [Sunrise in Your Menu Bar](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/sunrise-in-your-menu-bar/id1548227736?mt=12)

Mac menu bar app that displays sunrise & sunset info for your (or any) location.

#### [ReadBot]({% post_url 2018-03-01-readbot %}) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/readbot))

Slack bot that makes it easy to add books or articles to Goodreads or Pocket.

#### [Wanderings](https://wanderin.gs/about)

[iOS app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/wanderings-travel-tracking/id1292503352?ls=1&mt=8) and [accompanying website](https://wanderin.gs) that tracks your location in the background and gives you a heatmap of your travels.

#### [QR Life](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/qr-life/id1061418370?mt=8)

iOS app that turns QR codes into [Game of Life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life) simulations.

#### [WeatherBar](http://footle.org/WeatherBar/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/WeatherBar))

A walk-through creating an OS X menu bar app in Swift.

#### [remotes.club](https://www.remotes.club/)

A home for remote workers.

#### [Squeeler](http://footle.org/Squeeler/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/Squeeler))

A Mac OS X app that sits quietly in your menu bar and alerts you when it sees something hogging CPU.

#### [JobTracker](http://footle.org/JobTracker/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/JobTracker))

A Mac menu bar app interface to the Hadoop JobTracker. It gives you easy access to jobs in JobTracker, and provides Growl/Notification Center notices of starting, completed, and failed jobs.

#### [sublime-github](https://github.com/bgreenlee/sublime-github)

Github Gist plugin for [Sublime Text 2/3](http://www.sublimetext.com/)

#### [Mute Tweets](http://mutetweets.com) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/mutetweets))

Allows users to temporarily un-follow someone who's being noisy, re-following them after a given period of time.

#### [pygtail](https://github.com/bgreenlee/pygtail)

Pygtail reads log file lines that have not been read. It will even handle log files that have been rotated. Based on logcheck's [logtail2](http://logcheck.org)

#### [virtualmethod](https://github.com/bgreenlee/virtualmethod)

Python decorator to prevent base class methods from being called directly.

#### [HAAsyncMutableArray](https://github.com/hackarts/HAAsyncMutableArray)

A subclass of NSMutableArray that allows callers to register blocks to receive the value of an element in the array, even if that element does not exist yet.

#### [wesabot](https://github.com/hackarts/wesabot)

Campfire bot framework.

#### [Wesabe](https://github.com/wesabe)

The open-sourced remains of Wesabe, a personal financial site.

#### [PassKeeper](http://passkeeper.com) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/PassKeeper))

An ancient Windows utility that allows you to keep an encrypted list of accounts with usernames, passwords, and notes.

Commit message:

Add Spelling Beat to project

_pages/projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
---

#### [Spelling Beat](https://spellingbeat.com) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/spelling-beat))

A little serverless app to find solutions for the NYT's [Spelling Bee](https://www.nytimes.com/puzzles/spelling-bee) game.

#### [Sunrise in Your Menu Bar](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/sunrise-in-your-menu-bar/id1548227736?mt=12)

Mac menu bar app that displays sunrise & sunset info for your (or any) location.

#### [ReadBot]({% post_url 2018-03-01-readbot %}) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/readbot))

Slack bot that makes it easy to add books or articles to Goodreads or Pocket.

#### [Wanderings](https://wanderin.gs/about)

[iOS app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/wanderings-travel-tracking/id1292503352?ls=1&mt=8) and [accompanying website](https://wanderin.gs) that tracks your location in the background and gives you a heatmap of your travels.

#### [QR Life](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/qr-life/id1061418370?mt=8)

iOS app that turns QR codes into [Game of Life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life) simulations.

#### [WeatherBar](http://footle.org/WeatherBar/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/WeatherBar))

A walk-through creating an OS X menu bar app in Swift.

#### [remotes.club](https://www.remotes.club/)

A home for remote workers.

#### [Squeeler](http://footle.org/Squeeler/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/Squeeler))

A Mac OS X app that sits quietly in your menu bar and alerts you when it sees something hogging CPU.

#### [JobTracker](http://footle.org/JobTracker/) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/JobTracker))

A Mac menu bar app interface to the Hadoop JobTracker. It gives you easy access to jobs in JobTracker, and provides Growl/Notification Center notices of starting, completed, and failed jobs.

#### [sublime-github](https://github.com/bgreenlee/sublime-github)

Github Gist plugin for [Sublime Text 2/3](http://www.sublimetext.com/)

#### [Mute Tweets](http://mutetweets.com) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/mutetweets))

Allows users to temporarily un-follow someone who's being noisy, re-following them after a given period of time.

#### [pygtail](https://github.com/bgreenlee/pygtail)

Pygtail reads log file lines that have not been read. It will even handle log files that have been rotated. Based on logcheck's [logtail2](http://logcheck.org)

#### [virtualmethod](https://github.com/bgreenlee/virtualmethod)

Python decorator to prevent base class methods from being called directly.

#### [HAAsyncMutableArray](https://github.com/hackarts/HAAsyncMutableArray)

A subclass of NSMutableArray that allows callers to register blocks to receive the value of an element in the array, even if that element does not exist yet.

#### [wesabot](https://github.com/hackarts/wesabot)

Campfire bot framework.

#### [Wesabe](https://github.com/wesabe)

The open-sourced remains of Wesabe, a personal financial site.

#### [PassKeeper](http://passkeeper.com) ([code](https://github.com/bgreenlee/PassKeeper))

An ancient Windows utility that allows you to keep an encrypted list of accounts with usernames, passwords, and notes.
