--- 
wordpress_id: 37
title: Flock
date: 2005-10-20 23:11:00 +00:00
wordpress_url: http://footle.org/blog/?p=37
layout: post
---
<p>I'm posting this entry from within <a href="http://www.flock.com/">Flock</a>, a new browser based on Mozilla, the codebase which underlies Firefox. You might think the world needs a new browser like it needs a hole in the head, and I more or less agree with you, but Flock has some really cool features:<br /></p><ul><li>You can link your bookmarks to your <a href="http://del.icio.us">del.icio.us</a> account so that they're always available when you move between computers.</li></ul><ul><li>It integrates with a number of blogging services and software to let you blog directly from the browser. You can even highlight a chunk of text on the page, right-click on it and select "Blog This", and it opens up a blog post window with the text inserted and quoted, and the site name linked. (I'm finding that its blogging editor is incredibly annoying when you're trying to do bulleted lists)<br /></li></ul><ul><li><a href="http://flickr.com">flickr</a> integration, which seems to me to be a bit gratuitous, but it is kind of cool to get access to your photos in a toolbar (sorry, "topbar").<br /></li></ul><ul><li>Integrated RSS feed reader, which right now has a really clunky interface. But this is just a developer preview release, so I'm sure that will improve.<br /></li></ul><ul><li>"The Shelf"...kind of a clipboard for web content. You can drag-and-drop links, chunks of text, or pictures on to it and later drag-and-drop them into your blog posts (it seems to be made pretty specifically for blogging; you can't double-click on items in your Shelf to open them up, and although you can drop them onto any application that accepts clipboard data, what you get is an HTML-wrapped version of your content).<br /></li></ul><p>All in all, very impressive. I hope that some of these features (especially the social bookmarking integration) make their way over to Firefox, but I'll be keeping an eye on Flock's progress.<br /></p>
